Hello
three super easy and delicious snacks
to see this world cup we started
the first thing we will do in a few potatoes
riots that their presence
first we will heat a cup of milk and
we will add the cheese that is coming
molten
we stir a little
until you get this result
it does not have to stay a bit this
then in a bowl we place our
favorite potatoes
we add English sauce
played mine
chutney is preferred
chile piquin powder
we add the cheese that we melt
a few drops of lime
we repeat the same place the potatoes
then the highs
and since we have already done
and we stir
these dads are left from start
the second option is cheese in chile
for this we are going to need cheese
oaxaca that celebrates these days
and the only thing we are going to do is
share small pieces
be placed
half of the onion
stalls
we add it
and now let's go
the habanero chile
I removed the pretty one because this chile
It's too spicy but you like it
after
we add very
and we go stirring
since we have added all the lemon
let's place read in chile
ah
so that he concentrates on all
flavors we will leave them in the
refrigerator one
ah
The following recipes are barbie wings
since we have all our wings
well washed we are going to prick them a little
with the fork
then the blender will put vinegar
milk
the garlic
and pepper to taste
and liquefied and then we integrate it with
our health
We stir well and let's take
refrigeration
by approximately
and it has passed a wave marine us
we are dripping
our wings we need that are very
dry and then let's start
you wish you can prepare the sauce
barbeque you
and in a hot pan we go
that has happened some with
turning and checking and when they are
golden
in the video we are going to take them out
the absorbent paper
since with their wings they are golden
add him
and let's try
and well we just have to enjoy the
world support mexico the selection of
your country
I hope you liked the video if it is
so like it and subscribe if you have not
fact remember you can send us a
photograph by facebook or instagram if
east bay do we see in the next
video